PWA installation requirements are not same as secure context (#34394)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/progressive_web_apps/guides/making_pwas_installable/index.md

For a full description of every member, see the [web app manifest reference documentation](/en-US/docs/Web/Manifest).

### HTTPS, localhost, or loopback are required

For a PWA to be installable it must be served using the `https` protocol, or from a local development environment using `localhost` or `127.0.0.1` — with or without a port number.

> This is a more stringent requirement than [secure context](/en-US/docs/Web/Progressive_web_apps), which considers resources loaded from `file://` URLs to be secure.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This is a more stringent requirement than [secure context](/en-US/docs/Web/Security/Secure_Contexts), which considers resources loaded from `file://` URLs to be secure.
```
